yo yo yo yo what's up no it's your boy
NYC in today's video I'll be showcasing
a brand new glitch on a map terrace for
advanced warfare so if you do go ahead
and enjoy today's video slap a like
definitely encourage me to hit puberty
faster subscribe for the best and a
top-notch content so me NYC could
provide you the best and let's hop not
content to the table also if you want ur
self modded and cut some controllers
definitely go over the Cinch gaming calm
and use my cold and why she most wants
in on lower case to get yourself five
percent off unmodded and custom
controllers but that's pretty much it
let's get to the glitch
you
okay so first things first what you want
to do you want a lit up the map terrace
for advanced warfare you also want to
make sure you have a spike ball on you
and then you want to come over to
location as I do right now and we're
going to try and get on top of this
window so right there so first thing you
want to line up your coasters as I do in
a video
then you will do a double jump to land
on top of this door right here then you
will take I a spike ball and then you
want to do a double jump move over to
the left and crouched at the same time
you must be really quick with that step
which this is the easy glitch to get on
top of it may take it to try the three
to get on top of it and to learn it but
it's a pretty easy glitch at you learn
it now you can catch a couple of kills
from here curls up on killed now be also
showing you a bonus glitch I won't
consider this a glitch but i will
consider more like a good ledge spot to
get on top of so if you do go ahead and
enjoy the seclusion of french slap a
like on this video like the video if you
liked the video subscribe for the best
and a top-notch content so me NYC could
provide you the best and it's how not
constant to the table i hope you get to
use these 2 glitches like spots to the
advantage and it has been your boy and
way CX for the win and I'm out but a
diff guy watching you were honest run
yup keep your head up your own love
daddy your chance now every single day
she comes around me like
just
she comes around alive
now she's all I can blow
with you